Release PR for 2.4 (#786)
nf-core/eager: docs/usage.md

Note the following important points and limitations for setting up:

* The TSV must use actual tabs (not spaces) between cells.
* The input FASTQ filenames are discarded after FastQC, all other downstream results files are based on `Sample_Name`, `Library_ID` and `Lane` columns for filenames.
* *File* names must be unique regardless of file path, due to risk of over-writing (see: [https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/issues/470](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/issues/470)).

>   * At different stages of the merging process, (as above) nf-core/eager will use as output filenames the information from the `Sample_Name`, `Library_ID` and `Lane` column columns for filenames.

Reviewer: Small typo?

```suggestion
  * At different stages of the merging process, (as above) nf-core/eager will use as output filenames the information from the `Sample_Name`, `Library_ID` or `Lane` columns for filenames.
```

>   * In other words, your .tsv file must not have rows with `Library1` and `Library1` for both `SampleA` and `SampleB`. While nf-core/eager would not try to _merge_ these, in some stages of the pipeline output files names would be the same, and would overwrite the other if the files are output to the same `results/` subdirectory.

Reviewer: So you are saying that each `Library_ID` entry has to be unique as well? This sounds all a little complicated to me. But I did not read all other docs, so I might be just confused because of lacking background knowledge.

```suggestion
  * Entries in `Library_ID` must be unique.
  * In other words, your `.tsv` file must not have rows with `Library1` and `Library1` for both `SampleA` and `SampleB`. While nf-core/eager would not try to _merge_ these, in some stages of the pipeline output files names would be the same, and would overwrite the other if the files are output to the same `results/` subdirectory.
```

Author: Yes it is complicated because (personal opinion:) people do stupid complicated things in our field and it's hard to get around :sweat_smile:.

A lot of this would be removed with DSL2 as we will develop a proper validator to remove a lot of this stuff

  * When you wish to run PE/SE data together, the default `-dedupper markduplicates` is therefore preferred, as it only looks at the first position. While more conservative (i.e. it'll remove more reads even if not technically duplicates, because it assumes it can't see the true ends of molecules), it is more consistent.
  * An error will be thrown if you try to merge both PE and SE and also supply `--skip_merging`.
  * If you truly want to mix SE data and PE data but using mate-pair info for PE mapping, please run FASTQ preprocessing mapping manually and supply BAM files for downstream processing by nf-core/eager
  * If you _regularly_ want to run the situation above, please leave a feature request on github.
* DamageProfiler, NuclearContamination, MTtoNucRatio and PreSeq are performed on each unique library separately after deduplication (but prior same-treated library merging).

> * nf-core/eager functionality such as `--run_trim_bam` will be applied to only   non-UDG (UDG_Treatment: none) or half-UDG (UDG_Treatment: half) libraries. - Qualimap is run on each sample, after merging of libraries (i.e. your values   will reflect the values of all libraries combined - after being damage trimmed   etc.).

Reviewer: Multiple blank spaces

```suggestion
* nf-core/eager functionality such as `--run_trim_bam` will be applied to only   non-UDG (UDG_Treatment: none) or half-UDG (UDG_Treatment: half) libraries. - Qualimap is run on each sample, after merging of libraries (i.e. your values   will reflect the values of all libraries combined - after being damage trimmed etc.).
```

> * Genotyping will be typically performed on each `sample` independently, as normally all libraries will have been merged together. However, if you have a   mixture of single-stranded and double-stranded libraries, you will normally need to genotype separately. In this case you **must** give each the SS and DS   libraries _distinct_ `Sample_IDs`; otherwise you will receive a `file  collision` error in steps such as `sexdeterrmine`, and then you will need to   merge these yourself. We will consider changing this behaviour in the future   if there is enough interest.

Reviewer: Multiple blank spaces

```suggestion
* Genotyping will be typically performed on each `sample` independently, as normally all libraries will have been merged together. However, if you have a mixture of single-stranded and double-stranded libraries, you will normally need to genotype separately. In this case you **must** give each the SS and DS libraries _distinct_ `Sample_IDs`; otherwise you will receive a `file collision` error in steps such as `sexdeterrmine`, and then you will need to merge these yourself. We will consider changing this behaviour in the future if there is enough interest.
```
